Make it clear that using xliff is optional for guides and surveys localization (#796)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: content/collections/guides_and_surveys/en/localization.md

The languages you set in Project settings appear as languages in the *Localization* section on the *Setup* tab in your guide or survey.

To add or edit a translation, you have two options.

> 1. Use the web interface to add or edit translations. This is the recommended default method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the web interface to add or edit translations. This is the recommended default method.
```

> 2. Use the xliff file to add or edit translations. This is the recommended method if you want to integrate with a custom translation workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the .xliff file to add or edit translations. This is the recommended method if you want to integrate with a custom translation workflow.
```

### Use the web interface

> Use the language picker on the canvas to toggle between available languages. Any changes you make to a guide or survey's text will be saved for the selected language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the language picker on the canvas to toggle between available languages. Changes you make to a guide or survey's text is saved for the selected language.
```
